Update the known issues to mention the UnityUI/TMP issue (#8586)
microsoft/MixedRealityToolkit-Unity: Documentation/ReleaseNotes.md

### Known issues

**Oculus Quest**

There is currently a known issue for using the [Oculus XR plugin with when targetting Standalone platforms](https://forum.unity.com/threads/unable-to-start-oculus-xr-plugin.913883/).  Check the Oculus bug tracker/forums/release notes for updates.

The bug is signified with this set of 3 errors:

![Oculus XR Plugin Error](https://forum.unity.com/attachments/erori-unity-png.644204/)

**UnityUI and TextMeshPro**

> There's a known issue for newer version of TextMeshPro (2.1.1+) and Unity 2019.4.x, where the default font size for dropdowns has been increased

Reviewer: Issue also happens with 1.5.0+. Its independent of Unity version. 
Apart from dropdown font size, the character spacing on second column is also altered as you can see in the image.

> There's a known issue for newer version of TextMeshPro (2.1.1+) and Unity 2019.4.x, where the default font size for dropdowns has been increased

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There's a known issue for newer versions of TextMeshPro (1.5.0+ or 2.1.1+), where the default font size for dropdowns and bold font character spacing has been altered.
```
